fix: broken link 40.proving.md (#308)
matter-labs/zksync-docs: content/10.zk-stack/20.running/40.proving.md

- [cmake](https://apt.kitware.com/)
- [nvcc (CUDA toolkit)](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-downloads)

> Refer to the [prover docs](https://github.com/matter-labs/zksync-era/blob/main/prover/docs/src/02_setup.md) for more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [prover docs](https://matter-labs.github.io/zksync-era/prover/latest/) for more
```
